README.md, before:

# ROCC Web Client

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.2.2.

## Usage

1. git clone --recursive https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/rocc-app.git
2. Build the ROCC client library for Angular

       cd rocc-client-angular/rocc-client
       npm ci
       npm run build

3. Install the dependencies

       npm ci

4. Start the [ROCC API service] on http://localhost:8080/api/v1

5. Start the web client

       npm run start

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## License

[Apache License 2.0]

<!-- Links -->

[ROCC API service]: https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/rocc
[Apache License 2.0]: https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/rocc-app/blob/develop/LICENSE

Commit message:

Document how to start stack in development environment

README.md, after:

# ROCC Web Client

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.2.2.

## Usage

### Running with Docker

TBA

### Running with Angular CLI

This section describes how to start the ROCC API service and the ROCC Angular
app in development environment.

1. git clone --recursive https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/rocc-app.git
2. Build the ROCC client library for Angular

       cd rocc-client-angular/rocc-client
       npm ci
       npm run build

3. Install the dependencies

       npm ci

4. Start the [ROCC API service] on http://localhost:8080/api/v1

5. Start the web client (uses Angular CLI)

       npm run start

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## License

[Apache License 2.0]

<!-- Links -->

[ROCC API service]: https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/rocc
[Apache License 2.0]: https://github.com/Sage-Bionetworks/rocc-app/blob/develop/LICENSE
